[AI] Improve App Check Instructions (#1859)
firebase/quickstart-ios: firebaseai/README.md

scheme to log server requests to the console. Remove the option to turn off the
logging.

### Firebase App Check

> This sample app has Firebase App Check enabled by default using the `AppCheckDebugProviderFactory` to protect your Vertex AI / Gemini API resources from abuse during local development.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Firebase App Check protects your Vertex AI / Gemini API resources from abuse.
To simplify getting started, and to support Simulators, this sample app is
configured to use the Firebase App Check debug provider
`AppCheckDebugProviderFactory`. If you've configured a different provider in the
Firebase Console, update `AppCheck.setAppCheckProviderFactory(...)` in the
sample code to match your configured App Check provider.
```

App Check isn't _enabled_ specifically for this sample app (assuming enabled means enforced in the Console).

To make successful API requests when running the app:

> 1. Locate the generated local debug token in your Xcode console output (look for a line like: `[Firebase/AppCheck] App Check debug token: <YOUR_TOKEN>`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Locate the generated local debug token in your Xcode console output (look
   for a line like:
   `<Warning> [AppCheckCore][I-GAC004001] App Check debug token: '<YOUR_TOKEN>'`).
```

2. Copy this token.

> 3. Register the token in the [Firebase Console](https://console.firebase.google.com/) under **App Check** > **Apps** > **Manage debug tokens** for your app.

Reviewer 2: We can link as far as the Apps tab: https://console.firebase.google.com/project/_/appcheck/apps/

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Register the token in the
   [Firebase Console](https://console.firebase.google.com/) under **App Check**
   > [**Apps**](https://console.firebase.google.com/project/_/appcheck/apps/)
   > **Manage debug tokens** from your app's overflow menu (vertical dots).
```

Reviewer: Any reason not to go with Nick's suggestion?

> For more details, see the official guide: [Use the App Check debug provider on iOS](https://firebase.google.com/docs/app-check/ios/debug-provider).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For more details, see the official guide: [Use the App Check debug provider on Apple platforms](https://firebase.google.com/docs/app-check/ios/debug-provider).
```

> #### Usability Tip: Pinned Debug Token for Simulators

Reviewer 2: There is caveat here about a per debug token quota that Andrew mentioned to me.

cc:  @andrewheard in case you have thoughts here.

Author: That shouldn't impact quickstart usability. It's more a concern for CI.

Reviewer: The other caveat is if someone forks the quickstart and then checks in the debug token. That's one of the primary reasons we recommend this flow for CI, rather than development.

Reviewer: I also think we should align on terminology like fixed or pinned before suggesting this flow in the quickstart.

To avoid registering a new random debug token every time you restart/reset a simulator, you can configure a fixed (pinned) debug token in Xcode:
1. In the Firebase Console, generate a custom debug token.
2. In Xcode, edit your active build scheme (**Product** > **Scheme** > **Edit Scheme...**).
3. Under the **Run** section, select the **Arguments** tab.

> 4. Add `-AppCheckDebugToken <YOUR_CUSTOM_TOKEN>` to the **Arguments Passed On Launch** section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. In the **Environment Variables** section, add a variable with the name
   `AppCheckDebugToken` and the value `<YOUR_CUSTOM_TOKEN>`.
```

#### WARNING: Production Deployment
The App Check debug provider is only intended for development/testing environments. Before distributing your app to the App Store, you must migrate to a production-grade provider (such as **AppAttest** or **DeviceCheck**). Refer to the following guides:
- [Use App Attest on iOS](https://firebase.google.com/docs/app-check/ios/app-attest-provider)

> - [Use DeviceCheck on iOS](https://firebase.google.com/docs/app-check/ios/devicecheck-provider)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [Use App Attest on Apple platforms](https://firebase.google.com/docs/app-check/ios/app-attest-provider)
- [Use DeviceCheck on Apple platforms](https://firebase.google.com/docs/app-check/ios/devicecheck-provider)
```
